well over the fire all the way in
destroy
Oh
that out
is
I exist they must not be allowed to get
it.white Lego that could be the stuff to
change me back I might stop that robot
stay fuzzy save the world choices okay
fine we'll save the world but they went
quickly before I change my mind
well it looks like I may have been too
hard on you boys you do have what it
takes to be heroes but Dexter now we
can't change you back don't worry about
me baby you know what they say big
things come in small packages Jack you
have an incredible talent for channeling
eco Sabo's you may have been right about
this one after all and cura without your
help and ingenuity none of this would
have been possible with the book perhaps
we found another sage now that gall and
Maya are lost
yes gall and Maya the dark eco probably
destroyed them probably who cares
bring them and we can take him again
right Jack I said right jack Wow put it
on ice big guy
holy Yakko what could that be
Wow it's an ancient precursor door it
looks like you will only open if we fill
all 100 holes with Power Cells uh we're
heroes remember we have a hundred power
cells
it's so